README.adoc, before:

= Seekret Service

This service exposes secrets and usernames from a KeePass database file through a webservice interface.
This way, secrets and usernames can be queried using `curl`.
For security reasons, data read from the KeePass database is encrypted in memory.

== Motivation

Usage of secrets in `direnv`:

[source,bash]
----
GITLAB_TOKEN="$(curl --silent "http://localhost:8123/access-keys/GitLab/GitLab-API-Token-Shell/secret")"
----

The same way you may obtain the username of an entry:

[source,bash]
----
GITLAB_TOKEN="$(curl --silent "http://localhost:8123/access-keys/GitLab/GitLab-API-Token-Shell/username")"
----

== Usage

You may want to start the service in background using the following command:

[source,bash]
----
nohup seekret-service --keepass-path "/path/to/keepassfile.kdbx" > /dev/null 2>&1 &
----

For further help please run:

[source,bash]
----
seekret-service --help
----

== Testing

=== Unit-Tests

[source,bash]
----
RUST_LOG=debug cargo test -- --nocapture
----

=== Test with

[source,bash]
----
RUST_LOG=debug cargo run -- --keepass-path test.kdbx --keepass-keyfile test.key
----

Test-keyfile `test.kdbx` with password `test` and keyfile `test.key`.
Here you can find the entry `root_entry1` wich username `root-username` and password `root-password`.
You may then request username and password of this test entry using:

[source,bash]
----
curl  curl http://127.0.0.1:8123/root_entry1/username
curl  curl http://127.0.0.1:8123/root_entry1/secret
----


== Release

[source,bash]
----
cargo build --release
----

== Compiling

=== Windows

* Install `cross`: `cargo install cross`
* Install targets for Windows:
** `rustup target add x86_64-pc-windows-gnu`
** `rustup target add x86_64-pc-windows-msvc`
* Compile with: `cargo build --target x86_64-pc-windows-gnu`

Commit message:

Adds info about state of the project.

README.adoc, after:

= Seekret Service

This service exposes secrets and usernames from a KeePass database file through a webservice interface.
This way, secrets and usernames can be queried using `curl`.
For security reasons, data read from the KeePass database is encrypted in memory.

NOTE: This is my first project in Rust.
There may be a lot of potential for  improvements -- of which I'm happy to hear!

== Motivation

Usage of secrets in `direnv`:

[source,bash]
----
GITLAB_TOKEN="$(curl --silent "http://localhost:8123/access-keys/GitLab/GitLab-API-Token-Shell/secret")"
----

The same way you may obtain the username of an entry:

[source,bash]
----
GITLAB_TOKEN="$(curl --silent "http://localhost:8123/access-keys/GitLab/GitLab-API-Token-Shell/username")"
----

== Usage

You may want to start the service in background using the following command:

[source,bash]
----
nohup seekret-service --keepass-path "/path/to/keepassfile.kdbx" > /dev/null 2>&1 &
----

For further help please run:

[source,bash]
----
seekret-service --help
----

== Testing

=== Unit-Tests

[source,bash]
----
RUST_LOG=debug cargo test -- --nocapture
----

=== Test with

[source,bash]
----
RUST_LOG=debug cargo run -- --keepass-path test.kdbx --keepass-keyfile test.key
----

Test-keyfile `test.kdbx` with password `test` and keyfile `test.key`.
Here you can find the entry `root_entry1` wich username `root-username` and password `root-password`.
You may then request username and password of this test entry using:

[source,bash]
----
curl  curl http://127.0.0.1:8123/root_entry1/username
curl  curl http://127.0.0.1:8123/root_entry1/secret
----


== Release

[source,bash]
----
cargo build --release
----

== Compiling

=== Windows

* Install `cross`: `cargo install cross`
* Install targets for Windows:
** `rustup target add x86_64-pc-windows-gnu`
** `rustup target add x86_64-pc-windows-msvc`
* Compile with: `cargo build --target x86_64-pc-windows-gnu`
